# Privacy Policy for Tangler

## Privacy Policy

Last updated: March 30, 2022

This Privacy Policy describes Our policies and procedures on the collection, use and disclosure of Your information when You use the Application and tells You about Your privacy rights and how the law protects You.

We do not use any of Your Personal data by the Application. By using the Application, You agree to the statements of collection and use of information in accordance with this Privacy Policy. This Privacy Policy has been created with the help of the Privacy Policy Template.

# Interpretation and Definitions
## Interpretation

The words of which the initial letter is capitalized have meanings defined under the following conditions. The following definitions shall have the same meaning regardless of whether they appear in singular or in plural.

## Definitions

For the purposes of this Privacy Policy:

- Account means a unique account created for You to access our Service or parts of our Service.

- Affiliate means an entity that controls, is controlled by or is under common control with a party, where "control" means ownership of 50% or more of the shares, equity interest or other securities entitled to vote for election of directors or other managing authority.

- Application means the software program provided by the Company downloaded by You on any electronic device, named Tangler

- Company (referred to as either "the Company", "We", "Us" or "Our" in this Agreement) refers to Tangler application.

- Country refers to: Ukraine

- Device means any device that can access the Service such as a computer, a cellphone or a digital tablet.

- Personal Data is any information that relates to an identified or identifiable individual.

- Service refers to the Application.

- Service Provider means any natural or legal person who processes the data on behalf of the Company. It refers to third-party companies or individuals employed by the Company to facilitate the Service, to provide the Service on behalf of the Company, to perform services related to the Service or to assist the Company in analyzing how the Service is used.

- Usage Data refers to data collected automatically, either generated by the use of the Service or from the Service infrastructure itself (for example, the duration of a page visit).

- You means the individual accessing or using the Service, or the company, or other legal entity on behalf of which such individual is accessing or using the Service, as applicable.

# Collecting and Using Your Personal Data

## Types of Data Collected

### Personal Data

While using Our Application, We do not collect any personal data.

### Usage Data

Usage Data is not collected when using the Application.

### Use of Your Personal Data

The Company does not use your Personal Data for any purposes.

### Retention of Your Personal Data

The Company does not retain Your Personal Data.

### Transfer of Your Personal Data

The Company does not transfer Your Personal Data.

### Disclosure of Your Personal Data

The Company does not disclose Your Personal Data.

## Children's Privacy

Our Application addresses anyone, including persons under the age of 13. We never collect any personally identifiable information from anyone, including persons under the age of 13.

## Links to Other Websites

Our Application contain links only to Our personal profiles and email, intended for sole purpose of providing feedback and obtaining help on the Application. There may be some third party links on Our profiles, considered not harmful. We strongly advise You to review the Privacy Policy of every site You visit, though.

We have no control over and assume no responsibility for the content, privacy policies or practices of any third party sites or services.

## Changes to this Privacy Policy

We may update Our Privacy Policy from time to time. We will notify You of any changes by posting the new Privacy Policy on this page.

We will let You know via email and/or a prominent notice on Our Application, prior to the change becoming effective and update the "Last updated" date at the top of this Privacy Policy.

You are advised to review this Privacy Policy periodically for any changes. Changes to this Privacy Policy are effective when they are posted on this page.

## Contact Us

If you have any questions about this Privacy Policy, You can contact us:

    By email: andrzej.novosiolov@gmail.com